<h1 style="text-align: center"> Student Portfolio Goals Comparison</h1>

<p style="text-align: center">Pool et al. findings of their research on students portfolio's were summarized when Pool found students portfolios in the control group were "accurate but Fragmented picture of students development and journey" (Pool 2020). Pool et al. found that taking into account a students perception and goals when planning or teaching on how to build a portfolio have a direct relationship with flexibility the student in developing goals for students. Students that develop flexibility in there skills and methods will develop a better portfolio and design tools (Pool 2020). Pool uses a thematic analysis to sort the data points from interviews and diary studies of the students to find key themes that students commonly used. From these themes Pool found that how portfolio structure was perceived by the student had a direct relationship with how they designed and built their portfolio. In support of the findings of Pool to the common saying "you are the product of your environment" coined by Clement Stone this confirms what the findings of Pool found in their research (Pool 2020). This aligns with my goals to create and be in an environment that allows me as a designer to be flexible and able to create a great UX designer portfolio.</p>

<h1 style="text-align: center">Reference</h1> 
<p style="text-align: center">Oudkerk Pool, A., Jaarsma, A. D. C., essen, E. W., & Govaerts, M. J. B. (2020). Student perspectives on competency-based portfolios: Does a portfolio reflect their competence development? Perspectives on Medical Education, 9(3), 166–172. https://doi.org/10.1007/s40037-020-00571-7 </p>